README.md, before:

# Movie Test

Front end develope for Bavaria test


> Este proyecto es desarrollado por [Richard Lasso Ledesma]

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://heuristic-joliot-08f8fc.netlify.app](https://heuristic-joliot-08f8fc.netlify.app)
## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

### Relevant information from email charateristics

    1. Principal Menu with a dummy navigation, the logo and home button is doing his work correctly
    2. Banner slider with two sliders, diferent description and the same dummy picture for both
    3. Filter Tabs doing the filter with those five options like the Figma prototype
    4. Film list is renderized by a local JSON
    5. Filter options are changed depending on the category of each film
    6. Hover on movie card rendering the movie detail

### Relevant information from project

    1. For this test is used the library React JS for the front end web develop
    2. For styles I used the BEM methodology and SASS as a preprocessor
    3. Semantic HTML
    4. For the Slider I used the library slick-carousel for React

Commit message:

Readme details about the deploy

README.md, after:

# Movie Test

Bavaria Test

> Este proyecto es desarrollado por [Richard Lasso Ledesma]

## Deployment

You can see the deploy in this website: [https://heuristic-joliot-08f8fc.netlify.app](https://heuristic-joliot-08f8fc.netlify.app)
## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

### Relevant information from email charateristics

    1. Principal Menu with a dummy navigation, the logo and home button is doing his work correctly
    2. Banner slider with two sliders, diferent description and the same dummy picture for both
    3. Filter Tabs doing the filter with those five options like the Figma prototype
    4. Film list is renderized by a local JSON
    5. Filter options are changed depending on the category of each film
    6. Hover on movie card rendering the movie detail

### Relevant information from project

    1. For this test is used the library React JS for the front end web develop
    2. For styles I used the BEM methodology and SASS as a preprocessor
    3. Semantic HTML
    4. For the Slider I used the library slick-carousel for React
